docs: PEM-11038: 4.9.b DHI ImagePullSecret + Helm Install Fixes (#10766)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/image-pull-secret/_image-pull-secret-post-install.mdx

---
partial_category: self-hosted
partial_name: image-pull-secret-post-install
---

> Alternatively, you can configure the image pull secret once {props.version} is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the image pull secret once {props.version} is installed.
```

Reviewer: I know this seems odd, but I feel most people will just skip to the section that they want to read and not necessarily read the previous option/header. As such, I would remove this word.

:::warning

Configuring an image pull secret is currently optional. Once it is mandatory, image pull secrets must be added during

> the installation process. At that time, the system console method described below will only be used to rotate the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the installation process. At that time, the following system console method will only be used to rotate the image
```
